TINY-6853: Lists applied incorrectly in table cells (#8267)
tinymce/tinymce: modules/tinymce/CHANGELOG.md

- Color picker dialog now starts on the appropriate color for the cursor position. #TINY-9213

### Fixed

> - Clicking on list toolbar button inside a table cell that has anchor element when the cursor is outside the anchor element would not include the anchor element in the produced list. #TINY-6853

Reviewer: Not sure if it's any better writing changelog items is hard. Just noticed that the one you have is unusually long.

```suggestion
- Creating a list in a table cell when the caret is in front of an anchor element would not properly include the anchor in the list. #TINY-6853
```
